The lungs are otherwise clear with no evidence of focal opacities concerning for infectious process.
Right PICC line again extends to the cavoatrial junction.
Streaky opacity at the left lung base thought likely atelectatic in etiology.
No effusion or pneumothorax.
There is mild obscuration of the right cardiac border, however, no definite densities are appreciated on the lateral view.
Patchy nodular opacities projecting over the lateral left lower lung may be due to pneumonia.
This abnormality is accompanied by greater atelectasis in the right upper lobe where a large mass was seen previously, and obscures the contours of the heart, right hilus and mediastinum.
Comparison is made to the prior radiographs from nine hours earlier.
There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.
There is no pneumothorax.
The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.
Patient has had median sternotomy and aortic valve replacement.
There is bibasilar atelectasis.
No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified.
There are persistent small bilateral pleural effusions which are relatively unchanged since the ___.
The heart size is at the upper limits of normal.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Right internal jugular line ends in the region of the superior cavoatrial junction.
No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or evidence of pneumothorax is seen.
Mild streak of atelectasis is again seen at the left base.
Additionally, a small right pleural effusion is noted.
Intra-aortic balloon pump tip is projecting approximately 3.8 cm below the roof of the aortic arch.
Monitoring and support devices remain in place.
The lungs are clear without consolidation or edema.In comparison with the study of ___, there again are low lung volumes that accentuate the prominence of the transverse diameter of the heart.
Marked cardiomegaly is unchanged, but pulmonary vascular congestion has improved, and previously described edema has nearly completely resolved.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.
Left hilar prominence may be a normal findings in a patient of this age.
Repeat after treatment to document resolution.
The aorta is unfolded.
Increasing confluent right basilar opacity may reflect asymmetrical edema or secondary process such as aspiration or infection.
Compared to the prior radiograph, the right IJ line and NG tube have been removed.
Heart size is top- normal.
Given the acute fluctuations, findings favor mild interstitial edema rather than an infectious process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
The apperance of the distal left clavicle is stable.
Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.
Pleural effusions are presumed, but not substantial.
No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
2. Mild pulmonary edema.
As compared to ___, there is low lung volumes with marked elevation of the right hemidiaphragm.
Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.
Aside from mild crowding of vessels at the bases, lungs are clear.
No pulmonary nodules are identified within the limits of conventional radiography.
Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.
No free air below the right hemidiaphragm.
2. Enlarged pulmonary arteries are suspicious for pulmonary hypertension.
The heart size is normal.
The cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged with left ventricular configuration.Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.
Imaged osseous structures are intact.
pleural fluid or area of consolidation.
No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.
Dual channel pacer device remains in place with leads in appropriate positions.
Shallow inspiration.
There is no cardiomegaly.
Linear and streaky opacities in the lung bases appear relatively unchanged compared to the previous exam with minimal increased atelectasis noted at the right lung base.
Known lytic lesion involving the right fourth anterior rib has been more fully characterized on recent CTA.
No other relevant changes.
The endotracheal tube lies 3 cm from the carinal angle.
No consolidation or pneumothorax is evident.
Cardiac size is normal.
No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen.
The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.
In comparison with study of ___, there is again enlargement of the cardiac silhouette with pulmonary edema and substantial bilateral pleural effusions with compressive atelectasis at the bases.
No pneumothorax.
Pectus deformity results in hazy increased opacity adjacent to the right heart border on the frontal radiograph.
Again, in the endotracheal tube lies close to the carina and can be retracted by approximately 2 cm.
No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pulmonary vascular congestion or pneumothorax.
There is a chest wall port with its catheter terminating at the cavoatrial junction.
Atherosclerotic calcifications are noted within the aortic arch.
Finding were reported to PCP by Dr. ___ at 11.___ am.
Right PICC tip projects over the mid SVC.There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
There is abnormal soft tissue density abutting the right side of the mediastinum concerning for underlying mass and probable right paratracheal and hilar adenopathy.
Continued enlargement of the cardiac silhouette with mild vascular congestion.
Extensive biapical pleural scarring is again noted.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
A right PICC terminates in the right atrium.
In comparison to ___ chest radiograph, the heart size remains normal an the lungs are clear.
No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
No acute intrathoracic process.
The bones are intact.
The lungs remain clear.
The pleural surfaces are normal without effusion or pneumothorax.
There is no pneumothorax.
The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No pneumothorax, pneumonia, pulmonary edema, or pleural effusion.
Cardiomediastinal silhouette is difficult to accurately assess.
There are 2 subcentimeter rounded opacities seen in the left mid lung, which may have been present on the prior radiograph.
No larger pleural effusions.
Mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta.
The upper thoracic spine is obscured by the patient's shoulders but the remaining visualized thoracic levels normal vertebral heights, disc spaces and alignment.
But 2 right-sided chest tubes are again visualized.
The patient has bilateral air inclusions in the soft tissues of the nephrectomy but no pneumothorax is visible.
The lungs are moderately well inflated with unchanged left lower lobe linear atelectasis and a small left pleural effusion.
A right-sided pleural effusion is not significantly changed in size.